new CES parameters and gdx files for EU21_SSP2EU, add inputdataInfo.log (#1113)
remindmodel/remind: tutorials/06_Advanced_ChangeInputs.md

4. If the process terminates without errors, do a test run with the new input data. To do this, clone the REMIND repo and update the data input version `cfg$revision` in `config/default.cfg` using your recently created data revision number file and run one scenario (e.g. SSP2EU-Base).

> 4.a ATTENTION: If your new input data change FE pathways, polulation, GDP trajectories or substantial behaviour of REMIND, you need to rerun CES parameter calibration (see tutorial 12_Calibrating_CES_Parameters) and adjust input data revision togehter with updated CES parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.a ATTENTION: If your new input data change FE pathways, population, GDP trajectories or substantial behaviour of REMIND, you need to rerun the CES parameter calibration (see tutorial 12_Calibrating_CES_Parameters) and adjust the input data revision together with the updated CES parameters.
```
